If I'm not mistaken
This is the ancient truth that has been lost for thousands of years
Day 13 One of the cards of True Gunpowder Feilong
Protecting this Emperor Senior Hall is really so powerful
What the hell do you know?
Come to any god history in the Dizun Hall
Can sweep across Jiangnan
Every single one of them.
They are far ahead in their respective fields
Did you see the abandoned one just now?
You mean that woman just now?
Don't look at him as a tourist
But he is the world's killer list
Veritable existence
Is the most ruthless
And killers like him
There are as many as 12 in the Emperor's Hall
12, you are waiting here for the owner of Ouyang
The notice item listed is
Ouyang shop owner
You are the owner of Ouyang